Hey, what's the matter, Mr. Hou is not feeling well?
Why don't Dou Bao go with you later?
In fact, compared to Hou Lao
I trust you more.
And this Dou Bao conference is in Dongyuan's family
You can also meet Miss Guan at that time
Talk about collaboration
Miss Guan Jia
Miss Guan, if that's the case
I don't need to reply to the key with you.
What happened today
Just treat it as returning the love that Master Guan had before
We will not owe each other in the future
from now on
The road faces the sky
Let's go side by side
It's for the best.
Let's go
Mr. Sheng has a talent like Mr. Xu around him
And the Hou family to help
This must be able to
I'll forget it if it's not expensive.
No no Master Yuan
You can take down that ancestor for 500 yuan
Let it spread.
The Legend of Victory has been changed first.
I'm okay for acting and hosting auctions
It's too far from you
Master Yang, please come
Oh, I've made up my mind.
All right.
By the way, Master Yang
Then you can remember to come to the company tomorrow to discuss the formalities.
What kind of procedures?